how you can make money right now you
came here for the truth so let me on
beyond that for you today we're going to
look at 20-plus ways that you can make
money right now at this time I'm always
being asked how can I earn an income
when my job doesn't pay me enough when I
was laid off and every other reason but
these are 20-plus ways that you can do
so right now so let's begin hire a chef
calm if you have the skill of cooking
you can use this website to your
advantage where you can post your skills
and then people would be able to hire
you so this is a good way to start off
maybe you can get into your own website
you can also look at Craigslist and
Kijiji for other ideas or maybe post on
there as well merch by Amazon this is
one of many sites that allows you to
sell t-shirts so you can do a t-shirt
design and maybe you can't even
personally do it but you have the idea
you can contract that out and I'll show
you how to do that in a moment but
essentially there is merch by Amazon
there's teespring there's Cafe Press
there's Azal there are many many sites
in fact that allow you to sell t-shirts
where you don't do anything except the
design and they do all the printing they
do the shipping and everything else
the reason I show merch by Amazon is
simply because they have such a wide
audience let's move on
Etsy is a site that allows you to sell
things on here for example personalized
jewelry there's so many people out there
who do handmade jewelry and they don't
have a means of getting it out into the
public well instead of knocking on your
neighbor's door you can get on to a
website like Etsy and sell it there you
can also do the door-to-door type sales
but you don't have to necessarily just
do that so look at Etsy for that
shutterstock there are many
photographers out there people who are
interested in photography maybe not
professionally but maybe as a hobby so
they can sell their work on this website
shutterstock and people would be able to
use these pictures in their own content
so you would license them and they'd be
able to use that so many people do earn
a lot of
come from these pictures fiber fibers a
website where everything starts at about
five dollars and you would be able to
contract anything else anything you can
think of people will do so for five
dollars but it goes up from there so
maybe it's ten dollars twenty forty and
it goes on and on you could sell your
services on here depending on what that
is so you start at maybe five dollars
but you want to upsell to a higher price
that's interesting I mean it's basically
anything you can think of so check that
out
wizard so I don't know if I'm
pronouncing that correctly but basically
this is for tutors so if you have a
particular skill and in one subject or
another and you'd be able to help other
people you can do so over Skype you
could do that online or you can do it
locally in person as well
this is TaskRabbit once again any sort
of task you want somebody to go to the
store for you and pick something up
this is TaskRabbit you want somebody to
do any tasks they'll do it for you this
is the website so if you have an
interest in that on your own or maybe
you want to task somebody else to do
that for you and that's something
interesting for many udemy is another
website where you can have courses you
can develop e courses so for example
you're a handyman and you were able to
fix let's say a leaky faucet you can
post a course on how to fix a leaky
faucet and five minutes flat and you
could post it there have videos have
pictures whatever you need and people
will buy that course and you will be
able to make income forever from that so
this is an interesting concept here KDP
is the Kindle direct publishing you can
have your own book and you could sell it
on Kindle you can also use a website
that's called create space which is what
I use and you can sell your books
through big names like Amazon and others
and you don't need to necessarily be the
best author in the world but it's a
great place to start and maybe a
publisher will pick you up if that's
where you want to go
uber a lot of people have done this
where they've become uber drivers lyft
drivers there's other competing
companies out there but essentially to
become an uber
driver a lot of people and notice they
do this as sort of an after work type
job so they finished their nine-to-five
and then they go and do a ride on the
way home trying to learn a little bit of
income on the side there's wag this is a
little funny actually but you can become
a dog walker so people would notify you
if they're in the area where you are
you'll be able to help them out that's
an interesting one
tours by locals this is the name says it
all but basically you'd be able to take
somebody on some sort of specialized
tour of the area that you live in this
is something that also is done on Airbnb
and other websites as well care comm if
you're into babysitting this is one
website that you'll be able to do that
as well
Airbnb you can do the tours as well but
you can also get into obviously whatever
B&B is most known for and that is
renting out your own place so maybe you
have an investment property maybe it's a
property that you don't need to be at
for an extended period of time
you can rent that out on Airbnb Toro is
where you can rent out your car so think
about us Airbnb but for your car you can
get into renting and maybe have a second
car maybe it's a car that you're not
gonna be using for an extended period
that's one their style lend so you can
have name brand fashions that you're not
going to wear or you could buy it for
the particular purpose of renting it out
and people who are perhaps want to buy a
fancy purse but they don't have that
they don't have the funds to buy the
purse but they need it for a particular
event then they will be able to get it
from you that's one I thought would be
quite beneficial to some Craigslist
Kijiji and other classified ab websites
are not only good to sell your stuff on
but they're good to post your skills
because this is a place that people are
looking for other people there's also
ways to get free stuff from Craigslist
and Kijiji go to the free section and
you'll see and
minute of every day free stuff is being
posted on these websites so that at the
time they'll just say look it's yours
I'm moving out I need to get rid of all
this stuff just pick it up you have to
do the moving all your on your own and
affiliate marketing affiliate marketing
is very good for a lot of people because
what it does is it takes another website
they have their own system everything's
all set up on their website but as an
affiliate if you basically tell your
friend look sign up to this website I'll
get five bucks you get five bucks and
we're all when when this is what a lot
of websites are doing so if it's a
particular website you like type in
affiliate after it and chances are they
have an affiliate program so you may get
you know depending on the website but
you'll get basically a commission for
helping that company get a new customer
this is Amazon Mechanical Turk similar
to TaskRabbit similar to you know all
these virtual assistant websites that
are out there basically you do tasks you
get money fancy hands this is another
website you know basically it's one one
of many there are so many out there but
virtual assistant applications that are
out there where you can have a very very
simple straightforward tasks and you can
use this website to get a hold of people
who will do those tasks Swagbucks is a
place where you can earn income on the
side when you're filling out surveys or
you're doing other things you can look
at Swagbucks so there's many others and
that's all for this video I just wanted
to tell you that there are so many ways
that you can earn income today and you
don't need to feel limited by your
nine-to-five job if you've recently just
lost your job or maybe you're in between
jobs this is a good place to start look
into it and you'll find that maybe
you're interested in a lot of these
things maybe you're not interested in
all of them
but it's certainly a place to start so
that's all for this video if you found
the informer
please give me a thumbs up and don't
forget to hit that subscribe button
that's all take care